Stupid you are such an idiot
Spent 3 billion to buy Dongcheng District but lost money
Do you know what that 31 position is?
It's all Du Chen's fault
If not for him
I can't possibly put all my money in it either
Enough, I don't want to make excuses for you anymore
What? You must still have money, right?
My dad is gone, but you have all his money
What? Please help me again.
Where do I have money
You know it's 2 billion I laugh
I don't believe in anything.
You must still have money
You help me again.
Du Feiyun, you are crazy, let me go
Do you still have a little Du?
The way the family lives
Pony, please help me again.
I beg you to help me again
Du Chen is right
You are such a piece of crap
Du Chen is Du Chen again
It's not over with you
Du Chen
Two more directors are absent from the board today
And they are all newlyweds of the Du family
I suspect it's Du Feiyun's trajectory again
Du Feiyun is finally going to make a move
You kept them for today
Let's go and see what they do